Feishang, I have admitted defeat, what else do you want?
What are you going to do with me in the future?
I don't know, your martial arts are actually so good
Do you want to join us?
Are you pitying me now?
I would rather leave SM forever.
I won't join you either
Well, then I won't force it.
Why did you start recruiting?
I think
It's indeed a little less
Since you want to recruit
Then you have to think of a combination name
What is a good name for the combination?
A few domineering ones
Yeah, the Tigress Society.
You are the tigress
316 can't burn
Spring breeze blows again
Let's call it wildfire
I think it's better to call it 316
But
316 doesn't sound like the name of a gang
Hmm, but 316's name is really nice.
Shen Qingyan
Since you start forming gangs today
Then we're officially rivals
Anytime. Let's go.
Song Qiuzi, why are you here?
You also came to see my jokes
Hahaha, just a lost dog
What right do you have to call me by my name?
Then what are you doing here?
I just want to see
Do you still have value?
Want me to be your lackey
No way.
I know you're not that kind of person
You can't stay with SM anyway
I just need you to do one thing for me
What makes you think I'll help you?
With him